Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best SAS
[music] speakers. This is where the
cloud meets
up today on [music] the Saster Podcast.
>> How like how do you scale past this N
equals 1. And I don't think there's a
good answer for this today. There is no
like crazy good agent that can manage
all the other agents on its own today.
There doesn't exist, right? I think
there will be, but there's not one
today. And so I think even with all the
help we get, it's this is just a huge
issue that I think the market has not
realized yet.
>> Yeah. I mean I mean obviously we're
extreme and tiny. I mean if you left for
some reason we would we would have to
cease using our agents. There there's no
there's no there's no plan B. We're just
all learning that you need some sort of
chief agent officer, right? Whatever you
want to call them. Someone that can
manage all of your agents that I think
needs to be a bit of a nerd, a tech
nerd. ideally a bit of a marketing nerd
because a lot of these products are if
you can manage [music] a complex
marketing automation tool, you can
probably manage most of the products
that we use. You can hack the rest.
But, you know, thinking through it, I
mean, this is this is tapped and
obvious, but I think if you [music]
actually find the person that can deploy
these agents for real that actually can
be success, just like a lot of these
functions, but immediately they should
recruit. You need to recruit somebody
else on their team [music] and and
divide and conquer and make sure you
have two
Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
every support tab. One that triages
tickets, [music] another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn. That'd
be pretty mainly, right? Happy Fox just
made it real with autopilot. These
pre-built AI agents deploy in about 60
[music] seconds and run for as low as 2
cents per successful action. All of it
sits inside the Happy Fox omni channel
AI first support stack, chatbot,
co-pilot, and autopilot working as one.
Check them out at [music]
happyfox.com/saster.
>> Hey everybody, Saster Annual will be
back May 2026, the world's largest SAS
and AI gathering for [music] executives.
Just this last May, we hosted 10,000
attendees with 68 VP level and above
attendees, 36% [music]
CEOs and founders, and 25% were AI first
professionals. It's the very best of S
tier attendees and decision makers that
[music] come to SAS annual and AI summit
each and every year. But here's the
reality, folks. The longer you wait, the
higher ticket prices get. They're cheap
now. They're cheap. So just get them
early. Lock in your spot today. Use my
code Jason 100 for exclusive savings.
Get your tickets at podcast.sanual.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. Saster annual and
AAImit 2026. [music] It will rock.
>> Hello everybody. excited to be here with
all of you and your agents here today.
We thought we would do a fun one since
we have 20 actually almost 30 I think
when I counted it this morning. Agents
and Vivecoded tools and apps in
production.
We wanted to talk about our top five
issues. Once you start to manage these
multiple agents in production, what does
that really mean? What are maybe the
nuances folks haven't thought of if
you've only deployed like one or two
agents? kind of like what breaks when
you have multiple agents at a high
volume and high scale. Okay, as always,
I always like to have this as our first
slide because folks go back to it and
reference it. So, for any of the agents
and tools we'll reference today, you can
go to saster.ai/
aents, that's where we put our agent
directory. We actually have a few more
we need to add to it, but this is our
depository of all the agents and some
community agents that we use across the
board. A lot of the things we'll talk
about today are linked there if you're
looking for the links. So, as always,
keep that in mind. Okay, top five
issues. I'll summarize them here and
then I'll I'll go into them in depth. I
think there's a lot we've learned in
like the now 9/10 months of managing
multiple AI agents in production between
Jason and myself. So, I kind of narrowed
it down to the top five things and then
I have a bonus. So I would say issue
number one and this is maybe force
ranked is context switching becomes
extremely difficult when you have 20
plus agents. They don't all function the
same way. If you guys saw the article
that Jason did over the weekend about
like how we use Salesforce and Agent
Force is kind of like the backbone and
the plumbing for a lot of these agents.
You know there's a reason we do that and
that's because a lot of these agents
function somewhat independently. Some of
them push back to Salesforce, some of
them don't. Some of them talk to Claude,
some of them don't. And so it's a bit of
a hodgepodge today. Like that's the
reality of managing all these AI agents
and productions. They all speak slightly
different languages. They all ingest
context very similarly, but still
different ways.
They all have slightly different
personalities. I will say these agents
and they all kind of want different
things from you. And so I think context
switching just like in as a human brain
keeping up with the agents becomes kind
of difficult on a day-to-day basis.
Number two, I think the the new agent
blackout period for again for those of
you who have maybe added a couple
agents, but now you're you're getting
into the high volume of multiple agents.
For us at least, even with the help we
get from our vendors, which we'll talk
about a bit, even with the help we get,
like I feel like every new agent costs
us at least 2 weeks of what I call
either a blackout period and somewhat
chaotic of like I kind of have to ignore
the other agents anytime I bring on a
new agent, which as you might imagine,
since they need daily
review, it's kind of rough on the entire
stack. It's just like this cascading
waterfall of effects that happen every
time we add a new agent of which I
famously said on LinkedIn I was not
going to add anymore and then I added
two more in the last two weeks. So there
goes that and and I can share some
reasons why if you didn't watch the one
from last week. Okay, the other one I
would say number three which is a huge
issue actually maybe it's number one but
the AI what we call the AI agent
succession planning crisis. I actually
asked our agents today what they would
do if I had to pass them over and the
answers were actually a little bit
surprising.
You'll see why when I dig into that one.
The fourth one I would say the agent as
the truth teller. One of my agents more
famously than the other, the 10K agent
roasts me all the time.
Every day cuz I talk to it every day.
Like that's the first one I talk to each
morning. It will literally roast me all
the time. which is funny because when I
pushed it on that for this webinar, it
said it wasn't roasting me. So
[laughter] that's that's an interesting
learning too where it said it was being
helpful and I thought it was roasting
me. And the last but not least before we
get into the bonus one, I think there is
a lot of you know compliance and
security maybe not issues but just
nuances and maintenance that people
don't talk about.
That is a real problem right? I think
that's why
most high, you know, highly secure, like
I'm not going to vibe code to Salesforce
for a lot of reasons, but part of the
reason is because Salesforce is secure.
Like that data is there. We've got 10
years of data there. It's the plumbing
for a lot of our other agents, but also
it's, you know, they've thought about
all these things like Sock 2 and ISOs
endlessly so that I don't have to. So,
that alone is like kind of worth it for
us to use it and keep using that. But I
think there's other issues when you
start to vibe code your own apps and
agents that most folks probably haven't
thought about because you you're so used
to these other tools like a Salesforce
doing it for you that even myself I
didn't naturally think about doing that
myself when I started pushing apps into
production.
>> I think
I think you'll get to the next one. It
would be useful just as an overview when
you log in each day who do you talk to?
What does that take? How much time does
it take? that because that that feeds
into the first point, doesn't it? It's
there's context switching decks. There's
also just this and part of that is all
these different interfaces, all these
different exceptions, all the different
things when you log in each day to
artisan or qualified or Asian force.
There's a lot of time in different
interfaces and different conflicts.
That'd be the main one. And then maybe
just a quick reminder to folks, maybe
you have it in here, how we segment our
base for these different agents because
it's related to the first point, right?
>> Yeah. [snorts] Yeah.
Yeah. I would say to your point on the
context switching tax, right? It's it's
it's not even that I think about them as
20 agents anymore. Like I think the
better comparison to make to folks on
the skull and watching live is you have
to almost think about it now and I think
about it now is managing 20 different
people which like before we had 20
agents. I don't even know what we had
maximum headcount here. let's say 12 at
the very at the very peak.
Now we have 20 plus almost 30 different
agents plus you know three humans and a
dog that we manage. So I think that's a
better way to frame it to folks is to
think about each agent almost as its own
entity as your own employee that you
know speaks a different language, has a
different personality, needs different
things from you. Like to Jason's point,
like I'm not immune from logging into
each of these tools every day, seeing
what's going on, right? So like this is
a good example of my my kind of like
morning, even just this morning. Like I
actually didn't even have time to go
through my whole checklist cuz we are on
this call at 10. So I was like, I
haven't actually even made it through
all of my agent check-ins for the day
and it's already 10. Now it's going to
be like 11 by the time this is over and
I have other calls today. So like it's
basically going to take me the whole day
just to check in with all of our
different agents. So I don't really know
this my morning routine but my daily
routine. But so yeah, kind of a quick
example of the ones I check the most.
Right. So I would say I actually log
into 10K kind of first because this is
our main internal AIVPN. We've done a
previous episode about it where we did a
deep dive so you can go back and check
that one out. But just as a high level,
this is one that is running on internal
data. It has some API data. It's
literally telling me what I what I
slashw we should be doing every day for,
you know, tickets to SAS, paid tickets
to SAS annual, our VIP summits that we
have, our sponsorships that we have, our
sponsors, uh, media contacts, like
there's a bunch of highlevel,
it's highlevel, you know, goals that I'm
trying to hit with 10K. And so I check
that one every day just to see where
we're at. And like am I falling behind?
And that's why this one roasts me all
the time. It's like, Ameilia, you didn't
get, you know, these five things that I
laid out for you done yesterday. I'm
like, I had to go to sleep, dude. Like,
thanks for roasting me. I understand why
we're behind. Can you just help me
figure out how to get caught up in a way
that I can actually do with the time
that I have today? And so then it will
kind of, you know,
re re-evaluate its its to-do list for me
for the day. But 10K literally tells me
what to do. So that's why I log into
that one first because actually 10K2
will tell me what to do with our other
agents. That's also why I log into that
one first and foremost. Um, that one is
a mix too of Claude and Replet. So I'm
kind of like bouncing between those two
entities, which you know, a lot of
Replet runs, I'm pretty sure, on Claude.
And so for that one, context switching
is not too too hard because they kind of
speak the same language, but they have
different nuances in how they interact
with you, right? Like 10K as Claude is
obviously more like textbased, whereas
10K as the replet agent has a lot more
dashboards, has a lot more numbers in
it. So it's kind of a combination of
both that I'm talking to at the same
time there.
Or then I'll go into, you know, what are
our outward facing agents? I'll go into
all of our sales agents and ticket
agents and that's artisan qualified
agent force and now Monaco that's four
different agents I have to log into look
at who needs a human response
look at who it's reached out to over the
last you know day between the last time
I checked it yesterday let's say morning
and see what it's doing right like a a
lot of times I'll need to refresh
what the agents are doing who they're
reaching out to the copy they're
reaching out to. For instance, I have it
in the next screenshot here.
Like I And you can see where it's
roasting me already. Like I had to
context switch for this week when I was
doing this on Monday because I was like,
we have a distinct promotion going out
this week for Saturday annual tickets in
particular because the ticket prices go
up on March 1st. And I literally had to
put that context into five different
agents. Like literally, you can see some
of the screenshots here. I was like, I
have to go in and tell artisan that. I
have to go in and tell qualified that. I
have to go in and tell Salesforce that I
have to like 10K already knows that
because he's the one came up with it.
But then he's telling me, why aren't you
launching LinkedIn ads immediately for
this new promotion? Do it right now. I
was like, I will do it as soon as I'm
done talking to the other agents. And so
context switching becomes extremely like
I don't it's just hard to keep up with I
think sometimes in your brain. And a lot
of the times it's hard too for the
agents to remember everything you're
doing, right? So, I think there's kind
of like a double-edged sword there.
[snorts]
>> And so, the the at least for us for
today, if if you're literally logging in
and spending anywhere from 10 minutes to
an hour with four to five of our core
GTM agents, right? I would say every
single day, right? And with different
user interfaces,
>> you have to remind each others of the
changes, the campaigns because they
don't talk to each other. I know we
haven't found anything so it's slightly
rhetorical question but people talk
about orchestration agents and master
agents we haven't found anyone that can
integrate Asian force artisan qualified
Monaco momentum attention attendive like
we don't there's nothing out there today
even with 10k which we've built
ourselves that at some magical API or
other level can integrate everything for
you that does product does not exist
right
>> no it doesn't exist I will say the the
the benefit of Salesforce
buying being qualified momentum is like
eventually by probably Dreamforce right
those two things will be integrated into
one so we have like two west dashboards
and I'll probably have one centralized
one by October but only because you know
they've they've acquired those tool for
most tools it's it's completely separate
>> yep
>> yeah so it's a lot
>> you can have a one-on-one with your
agent every day
>> a weekly oneonone instead of a check-in
on Slack back. If you want to accomplish
what we've done or better, you have to
do a truly and honestly a one-on-one
with your agent every day. Even if you
don't want to do the work, you got to do
the work to see one-on-one with every
agent every day.
>> Yeah. And I think it's an interesting
learning, too. I didn't put it here, but
like one thing I do with my agents is I
ask them every day like, "What should I
be mindful of? What should I be looking
at?"
And then sometimes it'll say hey like I
can give you a recommendation but you
need to give me some data back or you
need to tell me what you're doing with
your other ages or you need to give me
XYZ inputs in order for me to output
that. And so that is a very good way I
think more so to look at it is just
think of this as 20 different people
that you have to manage every day.
Right? Sometimes you can get away with
doing a one-on-one with a human once a
week if you're you know lucky. This is
you can't you can't wait a whole week.
Like that's the thing. It's like if you
wait a whole week with any of your
agents, it'll be so out of date by the
time the week's over.
>> The production the output is so high.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. You can't you it
just can't afford to wait a whole week
or like you're or you're probably just
wasting honestly you're probably wasting
your money if you don't spend the time
to do it daily because a lot of these
are waiting for you to give it inputs,
right? like it's such a high volume like
artisan qualified agent force like I'm
constantly giving it more people to
reach out to better messaging different
campaigns different things where like if
I don't do that most of those don't do
it themselves so they're just going to
sit there like your agents are just
going to idle if you don't check in with
them every day which I also think is
just like a waste of time and money cuz
what you want is to have that high
volume output so you're maximizing what
the agent can do right so
it's an interesting nuance Okay, number
two. I would say biggest learning is we
learned this kind of quickly, but I
think it's just more so now getting
harder now that we have 20 plus almost
30 agents, but you know, in the
beginning it used to take us more than
two weeks to implement some of these
agents. I would say now we've pretty
much gotten it down to about two weeks
for a lot of reasons. One reason like a
lot again even though context switching
is hard. You can share a lot of contacts
between agents. So kind of once you have
one, you can do another one. It gets
easier. It's not easy, but it gets
easier.
But I would say we've kind of gotten it
down to like a two week implementation
pipeline for any of our agents. It's
true for Monica that we just did. It's
true for Happy Fox that we just did.
Like each of those just took two weeks
and that was not spending the entirety
of the two weeks on it, but it was
spending the majority of two weeks on
it. And so this just gets harder with
every new agent that you add because
each new agent means you're not
spending, you know, that daily time I
just mentioned. You're probably not
doing that if while you're onboarding a
new agent. Like I know I didn't spend
the time I needed to with each of our
agents in the way that I should I I
usually do when I was onboarding these
new agents cuz I was like, I want to get
these off the ground. I want to get them
up and running. And so I'm just going to
have to do, you know, I'm going to have
to do the trade-off and let the other
ones slightly degrade or slash sit idle
while I get these new agents up because
there's just no way I can do it all. And
so I think that's a huge trade-off when
you're looking at bringing in, you know,
multiple agents is instantly things go
stale with your agents, right? While
they're idling, they go stale really
fast. Not because they can't do things
on their own, but because they're again
waiting for you to tell them what to do.
So, if they've run through, like, let's
just say one of these outbound agents
has run through a whole contact list,
but I'm busy on boarding another agent,
it's just sitting there. It's literally
idling. It's sitting there. It's not
doing anything cuz I haven't had the
time to give it new contacts. Like that
is I think just a huge nuance folks
don't really talk about is anytime you
know we're all trying to push like okay
we we we also push like we have a lot of
agents and I think there's a lot more
agent things people can be doing but
just realize like anytime you bring on a
new one it's going to take time it's
going to cost money for these agents
it's going to cost some of your you know
mental overhead and mental bandwidth and
mental time like these agents do not
deploy themselves and so even with all
the help you in the world, which you
should only pick vendors you get help
from. But even with that, like again,
two weeks is pretty fast. I think most
agents, especially in the early days,
took us like a month, maybe six weeks to
get up and running. Now we've gotten it
down to two weeks cuz we've gotten
pretty good at it. But I'd say in that
math, you can really only add one slash
one and a half agents per month max.
Like otherwise, you're running in place
because you can't really keep up with
your current agents to add the new
agent. So, it doesn't actually maybe it
doesn't make sense to add that new agent
if you can't keep up with it or know
that you can that you'll need to do kind
of a blackout period to do a new agent.
And so, I think this is super nuance,
not something I really realized until we
had multiple agents of production that
there is a trade-off. Like, it's you're
going to get a lift from it for sure,
right? If it works the way you think it
will, but there's a trade-off. Like,
there it's not free. It's not free
scalability instantly.
Okay.
Oh, these are Yeah, these are
screenshots I added. So, I added some of
these screenshots of Monaco. This was
like one of our newer agents that we
just did. Again, we got help from the
team to put us into the product. I think
it took, you know, probably two weeks
conservatively, maybe a little bit less
actually because we we worked fairly
quickly with them. But again, it was one
of those things where I blocked out
doing other things. And actually, the
mono team works over the weekend. So, I
did a lot of this over the weekend,
which was nice. But we got it up and
running in basically a week and a half.
And you can see here like in its first
week on, you know, it reached out to 64
people. It booked six meetings
instantly. Some of those are like tier
one accounts for us, which is pretty
dang good. So, again, is it worth it?
Yes. From that perspective, it was worth
it to let our other agents kind of like
sit idle slash do a little bit less
while we were getting this new agent on
board because we believed it would be
worth the trade-offs, right? But just
know that you're going to have to
probably weigh trade-offs when you come
into something like adding a new agent.
And maybe just plan for a blackout
period. I think that's my kind of meta
point is if you plan on it, it'll
probably work more to your benefit
versus just going into it like, oh, I
can just add this in a day. that's not
really going to work for you or your
agents. So,
okay. Number three,
and this may not apply to all of you,
but I think from what I've seen, and
this is where I want to get your take,
too, Jason, I see a lot of folks where
it's either a single or like maybe one
like for us it's two people, but like
it's kind of a single point of failure
for our agents. And it's funny because I
put some screenshots in the next one of
like I asked my agents what what it
would do if I stopped talking to
and the responses were interesting.
But I think this is where folks get
themselves into trouble because they
think they can, you know, recruit
somebody to just manage all the agents.
That doesn't really work. They think
they can just, you know, roll it out to
the entire sales team or the entire CS
team. That doesn't really work. There's
reasons that doesn't really work. Like
this is I would say the biggest
double-edged sword of like I do think
having a single point of truth with who
is managing the agents, right? Like who
from our perspective, which contacts go
into qualified versus artisan versus
Monaco versus agent force? Like that is
just all in my brain right now. And I'm
sure Claude could write it down if I
told it to and give it to other agents
if it was really pushed. But like, but
then if like, let's just say even if I
got the agents to give me an ND file of
everything it knows with me, I'm not
sure the next person can really pick it
up in the same way. They might say,
"Okay, you know, Ameilia was segmenting
a lot of her ticket outbound in Artisan
and then a lot of her sponsor outbound
in agent force and then new cold
outbound in Monaco and then, you know,
what whatever else we're doing
retargeting in and in inbound in
qualified
But maybe this new person doesn't agree
with that. They may say, "Hey, agent."
Like, "Oh, you're outbound. Cool. I'm
just going to keep one of you." Like one
of like we only need one of you to stay
to do, you know, outbound. If it's truly
at the end of the day, those are all
doing outbound functions. Somebody else
might say, I only need one of those
agents to do those things, which might
be true, but also like we have found
like we have all these tools cuz they're
super nuanced. They're like hyper
effective in certain verticals. And
that's why we've chosen to do multiple
agents versus just one agent. And so I
think that's an interesting nuance you
would lose. Like again, double-edged
sword of like I think having one person
know what's going on with all your
agents is super important. But then what
happens if you know you're in a bigger
company, you have maybe multiple people
working on agents or you're in a bigger
company and that person leaves. Like how
like how do you scale past this n equals
1? And I don't think there's a good
answer for this today. There is no like
again crazy good agent that can manage
all the other agents on its own today as
of February. There's that doesn't exist,
right? Like I wish there were I don't
know if I think there will be but
there's not one today. And so I think
even with all the help we get, it's this
is just a huge issue that I think the
market has not realized yet.
>> Yeah, it's good. I want to keep going,
but yeah, I mean I mean obviously we're
extreme and tiny. I mean, if you left
for some reason, we would we would have
to cease using our agents. There there's
no there's no there's no plan B. We're
just all learning that you need some
sort of chief agent officer, right?
Whether it's a whether it's a whatever
you want to call them, someone that can
manage all of your agents that I think
needs to be a bit of a nerd, a tech
nerd, ideally a bit of a marketing nerd
because a lot of these products are if
you can manage a complex marketing
automation tool, you can probably manage
most of the products that we use. you
can hack the rest.
But, you know, thinking through it, I
mean, this is this is Captain Obvious,
but I think if you actually find the
person that can deploy these agents for
real, that actually can be success just
like a lot of these functions, but
immediately they should recruit. You
need to recruit somebody else on their
team and and divide and conquer and make
sure you have two.
>> Yeah, you got to have two, right? I
mean, one's hard enough. There's a lot
of in the early days of agents when we
talk to folks, there's very few people
in a lot of organizations that can do
this. It's not that hard, but there's
very few people. But you you Yeah. If
you don't have two, you're at
existential risk.
>> Yeah. Like literally when Philipe Picero
at Persona was in London, he you know,
he famously set up all their agents, but
then he was like, I I started using
he was qualified or something like with
the sales team. And
then he was like I rolled it out to like
a few reps to be able to like cuz like
qualified you can round robin like the
inbound, right? you can say, "Okay, like
I'm going to I'll be the mass he's like
the master controller of it of like
doing the training and the programming."
But qualified is actually an easier one
to get the rest of your team on because
you can just have them respond to folks
when the agent can't. You can set up
certain escalations and how however you
want it, right? So for him, he was like,
"Okay, I rolled it out to like five of
the top reps on the sales team." And
then the very top rep, whose name is
also Amelia,
ended up being the most like affluent at
learning how to work with the agent
handinhand as a co-pilot. And so then he
decided from that like kind of pilot
test with his humans that Amelia on
their team would be the next person he
trains on how to use the agent. So like
he did kind of, you know, like a little
bit of a beta with their team and then
said, "Okay, I know now who wants to
actually manage these agents the way
that I do." And so now I'm going to
train that person. So that's another way
to do it too across your team is to do
it that way. But yeah, this again
double-edged sword though because now
it's like now he has to tell all the
agents everything plus he has to tell
Ameilia everything. So like
>> and he's the CRO arguably.
>> And he's the CRO.
>> Arguably.
>> Yeah. Exactly.
>> Right. [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> So it's funny too. I asked our agents
what they what they recommended we do if
for some reason I got hit by I said if I
get hit by a bus what what should you
tell a
about yourself so that they could like
if Jason were to take these agents over
cuz I got hit by a bus. What would you
what would you tell him? And and the 10K
version of Claude said it would I well
these docs are on my computer cuz I use
Claude on on on machine. it would need
to give him these, you know, documents,
which I'm like, I don't know. Maybe you
could guess my laptop password. I don't
know. Maybe. But like, first of all,
that's already an issue because I'm
like, these docs are literally on my
computer and probably nowhere else.
Then it's literally saying the next
campaigns he has to run for March and
April, which I don't think you would
want to. And then I think it's
interesting, it called out what I
consider the vibe for SAS annual, which
I hadn't really thought about. But it's
just it's a little funny that the agent
was like, "Make sure Jason or whoever
takes us over if you get hit by a bus
knows what the vibe is like."
So, it's I was like, I do actually call
it a moment in time. That's really
funny. I use that in like a lot of copy
and I use that in like a lot of things.
So, it's a little funny that the agent
picked up on that. It wanted you to know
the vibe, Jason, just in case I get hit
by a bus. [laughter]
I see. The other interesting thing was I
asked our SAS sponsors,
which is an app we talked a lot about
last week, how many lines of code it
has, which was shocking because I think
Jason, you said it's something like
3,000 is like, you know, average or
basic or simple. It said 12,000 and it
says it said it was hefty. But then I
said, "Okay, since this is a hefty
fivecoded app that I made for sponsors,
yeah, how would you bring somebody new
up to speed?" And this is where it gets
tough, right? Cuz I'm like, I think what
it says is so complicated that somebody
else would give up. It's explaining it's
a sponsor portal. Fine, that's easy. But
then it says how the authorization
works. Like, okay, file uploads go to
replet, object storage, submission sync
to Google via Zapier. Again, you're just
running into a lot of issues here. The
agent doesn't know my clerk login. It
doesn't know my Google Sheets login. It
doesn't know my Zapier login.
It's a like it's it would be a mess to
hand it off. [laughter]
And then it was funny cuz then my agent
said, "Don't get hit by a bus." That was
it. That was its recommendation.
I said, "Thanks. I'm really trying
[laughter] not to."
All right.
This is number four for me. You've
already seen it a little bit in these
slides. These agents as I they're
interesting to work with on a daily
basis versus humans cuz you know some
sometimes humans have their own
ambitions, their own goals. Like I feel
like Claude is famously goal seeking but
in a very different way than a human
being is right. In a very different way.
So, I think there are times where I also
feel like these agents don't really know
the date and time and like they don't
realize they don't realize on their own
that like when you start chatting with
them at 6:00 in the morning, you're
still chatting with them at midnight
that you should probably go to sleep at
this point. Like, you can't keep working
with your agent. So, like it's just a
little funny
that as I as I considered it, but you'll
see my agent's response on the next
slide. I consider my 10K is like
roasting me all the freaking time.
Like, you can see it here. It said,
"You're behind on Summit Outreach." I
said, I know I am.
You needed to send 200 emails by Feb
15th and you sent 87. You're 56% behind
target. Now, maybe you don't think this
is roasting me. I thought it was though,
cuz it also told me to block 3 hours and
I was like, you know, I don't have 3
hours. Let's do this and catch up. Like,
thanks. But also, now you're just
stressing me out and roasting me versus
being helpful. Um, so I thought that was
a little bit funny cuz it was it, you
know,
What does the agent care? The agent's
just going to tell me the truth. The
agent has all the data more than I
probably look at it, right? Like I look
at it a lot,
but it's got all like it knows where I'm
behind. It knows my calendar. It knows
all these things. And it's still said,
you're you're dropping the ball here.
Catch up. It's constantly asking me,
"What's preventing you from doing this
right now?" And sometimes I'm like, it's
literally 11:00 p.m. and I'm I'm I'm
tired, so I can't I can't really like
focus on launching this XYZ thing that
you want me to do right at this very
moment cuz I need to sleep first and
then do it. So, it's just interesting,
right, of like, okay, what then? What do
you decide as the human leader of the
agents is helpful versus what crosses a
line into maybe slightly demoralizing of
because your agent knows everything.
It's not that it's wrong when it's
roasting me, right? That is maybe the
uncomfortable truth. Oftentimes it
roasts me and I'm like, "Yeah, well, I
deserve that roast. You were right. Like
I didn't do this thing that I'm now
behind on."
But also like because so much like so
like 10k roast me the most. Some of the
other agents roast me slightly, but like
because you're getting it from so many
different angles and so many agents cuz
you can't keep up with them. Sometimes I
feel like it does cross a little bit of
line where I'm like, "Okay, dude. like
today just like sugarcoat it to me like
you would a person like today I don't
need the hard like I can't deal with
hard truths every day. I don't think
anyone can like I can't to some degree
but I think every day all the time from
your agent is a lot. But it's funny cuz
it said you know literally it said to me
on Sunday what's when it was super late
what's blocking you from the LinkedIn
ads from going live and I I literally
said it's cuz it was late. And then I
said, "Hey, you've kind of roasted me a
lot lately. Can you bring up some
examples for this webinar I'm doing?"
And it said, "Looking through the
transcript, I haven't really roasted
you."
It said, "I've a tough accountability
partner." And then it listed ways. This
is only two out of five ways. Then it
listed ways it should have roasted me.
And I said, "Thanks.
I don't know if you're I don't know if
your agents risk you as much, Jason, but
I think this is just a like a fun
interesting one of like, you know, just
something maybe you don't expect from
your agents is that they will always
tell you the truth and they have all the
data.
Let's get into the last one and I'll do
the bonus one and then we've we've got
quite a few questions that I want to try
and get to. So,
compliance and security issues. Anytime
we run an audit or ask an agent to run a
security audit, it takes time to fix
these. Like we ran a huge one the other
day on sasher.ai. We haven't even fixed
I would say even 10% of the issues that
came up in the audit because it became
super fragile once we started like
futzing with the code and like then you
know sometimes when you do a security
audit
it will go too far like it'll start to
lock things down to the point where
you're like I actually can't even use my
app anymore because it took this too
far. So then you kind of have to peel
back one by one. It's something you have
to walk the agent through. It can't
really do it that great on its own.
And so this takes a lot of time. Not
only does this takes a lot of time, the
maintenance becomes a lot harder each
time you do a security audience and like
implement whatever it recommended with
you know you together. So then when you
start to multiply that across 20 agents,
it's almost unfathomable like how to
keep your apps and all your data secure.
But Jason, you've been running the
security more than I have. Like you're
the one who actually told me that I
should talk. It's askful.
>> Well, there's a lot there's a lot here.
I think it is it is a reminder that
in general, I mean, you can see this in
the press. Agents can do more
autonomously. That's why they're agents,
right? What's the definition of an
agent? I'm actually not sure, but I
think it is a piece of software powered
by AI that can complete tasks
autonomously. And all of these agents,
if that we're talking about, go to
market agents and others have access to
your data. And there's an inherent level
of security and that Salesforce is our
hub, right? As to tie this to the
beginning that that is important. I
think I do think it is one of the if if
no other reason to use something like
sales source as your hub is that it is
secure. But these agents then take data
out and the honest truth is no agents no
third party agents are more secure than
Salesforce. They're all less secure is
the reality of it. They're less secure
because they're startups, but they're
also less secure because the agents can
do crazy stuff with them like publish
them to the wild, right? Or do other
things. It is just a reality. And then
just the final point
is ones you vibe code yourself, which we
have done a lot of, they are inherently
less secure than third party apps that
you buy today. I don't that may not last
because
a lot all of the the the products from
cloud code to repel to level below have
added more and more security but they're
all custom. They all are less secure
than a Salesforce or something. So all
of the the apps like us you're going to
run are going to have customer data
through them. They're all of them right?
You're not Stripe or PayPal like it's
not that dramatic in many cases but bear
in mind you're taking some measured
risk. So at least if nothing else the
ones that you've create yourself
before you launch and then frequently at
least every month just go to the agent
and say do a deep security audit on my
app and just have it do that. Don't
assume the apps do it yourself. That's
the best actionable thing I can take.
And then just be thoughtful that there
are there just inherent trade-offs to
this that we're all going to have to
learn, right? And it may make sense as
you get going in the agentic revolution
to maybe use slightly less sensitive
data to start. If you're a conservative
enterprise, it just may make sense just
like it always has been for enterprise
software. You always start in a in a
little group or little function that's
safer when you buy a startup. It's just
this on steroids because you cannot
fully predict what the agent will do
with your data. It's just a reality.
>> Yep.
>> It's just a reality.
Yeah. I put a few screenshots here of
like when
>> run another audit.
>> Yeah. Run another one. Thanks, dude.
Like
there was a question in the chat too.
How are we running these security
audits? Some of them you can do natively
with the agent, right? Like lovable
reply. You can just ask its agent to run
an audit for you. Um, other times,
again, you may not need it if it's a
full-blown third party tool, but you
should ask that tool like I ask transfer
from Marson all the time. I'm like, hey,
what is your how like what's your
compliance right now? Or like [laughter]
like what do you cuz you have so much of
my data like let's just make sure it's
not going anywhere. It's not supposed
to. So I think that's another thing too
is like when you use third party tools
like we do obviously we use Salesforce
for a lot and that's ultra like fairly
secure right knock on wood but for the
other ones we use I I just ask them I'm
like hey what what are you guys up up to
date on what are you doing to make sure
our data is secure.
Okay, last one and then I'll do
questions. I added as number six because
this may not apply to everyone. It may
not be a bridge that you ever cross, but
I think if you get to the point where
your agents do work 24/7 and you have
almost 30 agents and again your agents
know all the data when they answer a
question, they have your APIs, they have
your sales, but like they have all these
things they can look at and are brutally
honest roast you when you can't keep up
with them.
I think it it it it makes it harder
sometimes. I know at least for me when I
deal with actual humans that sometimes I
lose patience with them a lot quicker
now because I'm like, "What do you mean
you don't know the answer?" Like my
agents know the answer instantly. Like,
what do you mean you don't know the the
answer to this very basic question?
What do you mean you haven't delivered
on XYZ thing that I gave you three weeks
to do? Or what do you mean you forgot
something that I've, you know, told you
literally 10 times now?
It does make you on sometimes I often
start to wonder I'm like do I need them
or can't I build an agent to do this
because
if I'm losing patience with with them
I'll probably lose patience with
somebody else in the same boat and if an
agent can just do it and the agent won't
lose patience maybe I should just build
an agent to deal with them and they
don't have to deal with me. So
I think it's just an interesting nuance.
I think something else I've seen just to
be wary of this is almost somewhat
unrelated but related in that I've I've
really find it now in the age of AI in
you know the early phases of 2026 when
folks
tell us that they're going to help SAS
for you know let's just say XYZ thing
for SAS annual like I'll give you a
concrete example a couple months ago I
was working with a few parties on just
house annual third-party production
things we normally contract out things I
thought an agent couldn't do and I went
out to a few different agencies and
production teams to RFP for it to get a
quote for it right normal okay fine
a few folks told me this would be your
deliverable it was one sentence and this
would be the price and it was something
like 40 or 50k a month and I was like in
the age of AI that's what you're
promising something that like is one
sentence, one price point, and nothing
else. Like, you couldn't even ask your
own internal agent or freaking ask your
claude or Chad GBT how to make a better
proposal. Like, that's terrible in the
age of AI. I was like, this is just
unacceptable. Like, I just didn't
respond to those people. And it's sad
because multiple people did it. Like,
and I think maybe that's just a symptom
of agencies versus software tools. And
maybe marketing agencies won't exist in
a year because of this, but I literally
was like, how in the age of AI can you
say you have a one-s sentence
deliverable and a fixed price point and
you can't even use the basic AI better
than our team can? Like what? I I was
exasperated. I was like, this is
so crazy to me that so much of the world
is still operating this way. Like I
think, you know, AI is probably going to
come for them. But
I was like, I don't think anyone in the
age of AI should be giving you a fuzzy
deliverable and a fuzzy timeline.
That's just not acceptable anymore. I
don't think that was ever acceptable. I
think it's just more unacceptable now.
I also This is an interesting nuance,
but I do feel like I have now managed
more agents ever than than humans. And
so I'm probably worse at managing people
now than I than I am. Like agents I get.
I can, you know, talk to them first
thing in the morning, last thing at
night. Like, they're not going to be
impatient with me if I don't respond to
them right all day. They might be idle,
but they're not going to be like, you
know, the same as the same vibe as
somebody in Slack being like, "Hey, I
have a question for you. Can you answer
this right now?" And sometimes they
can't like, so I do feel like now that
I've flipped the switch to managing more
agents, I think I've probably become
slightly worse at managing the people
that are, you know, that work with
Sasser, especially leading up to SAS
radial. So, it's something that I am
hyper aware of now because I'm like
there I have to remember that there are
not agents.
I need to be more I don't know at some
I'm like I just don't know what's
realistic anymore. I'm like if the
agents work 24/7 and feasibly any human
can use an agent, why can't they keep up
a little bit more? That's why I called
it my bonus point of once you reach this
point
what does that really do right in your
in your nucleus of how you operate with
the team the team is agents like they
are still part of the team though right
all right anything else you want to add
Jason before we go to questions
>> no I think it's great let's hit the
questions and I think it's just a
reminder I do want to it's a reminder to
me that no matter how much people talk
about on social media about an
orchestration layer we haven't found one
yet it's it's on our checklist list, but
when I look at a lot of the GTM and
other vendors, they're just building
point solutions,
>> right? No matter what anybody says. So,
as soon as we master the orchestration
layer ourselves, we will share it with
you. It is it's definitely a challenge
for 2026, but it's one we haven't even
realistically been able to tackle yet.
But let's get the questions.
>> Yeah, it's funny. There are a few
questions on
why we haven't tried to build our own
orchestration layer.
Well, how how would I mean, do all these
agents have enough of an API or open
system that we could manage? Can they
all be managed through an API?
>> We'd have to extract all the data
>> through into cloud or wherever our own
vibe coded app and then we'd have to man
and we could get them all in some sort
of unified system, but they'd all have
to be 100% manageable through their API.
>> Yeah. Which they're not all today.
>> Yeah. I don't think it's a priority for
any of them. I don't think it matters
whether it's MCP or anything. if they're
not exposing their entire I mean
literally just going in every morning
and seeing the exceptions and issues
that come up from campaigns the night
before if that can't be fully replicated
inside an orchestration layer with some
management it's useless like if it's not
as good it's useless right
>> so everything would have to be exposed
>> it's a good question and it's not I'm
not saying someone smarter than us
couldn't figure it out but we we haven't
even begun to to figure that out there's
no there's no obvious offtheshelfish
even vibe solution today and
platforms are a lot of these agentic
platforms are not as open as they look
[snorts]
or as you might think not as that's not
fair as as much as you might think.
They're siloed solutions today.
>> Yeah. [snorts]
>> Right. The the only thing that is open
is Salesforce. It's where they all meet.
And if Salesforce could be our or our
truly our orchestration layer, that
would be actually the simplest path,
right? But it's our management layer,
but it's not really a truly an agentive
orchestration layer yet,
>> right? Yeah. Not yet. Another question
in the chat from Alex. Any other
thoughts on scaling past one person to
manage all of your agents?
>> I don't know. You would know better than
me. I I don't think it's that
complicated. I think that I think that
you you I mean, listen, there's
obviously conflicts and in some ways a
lot of the start of this conversation
was about conflicts, potential conflicts
between agents and making sure they
don't conflict. But if you have two
folks on your team that work well
together, two humans, they'll just
divide and conquer. Yeah, I mean we our
our agents are our go to our sales
agents are roughly as as AI alluded to
and we've talked about before are are
actually fairly clearly segmented.
There's there's raw outbound, right?
There's there's there's inbound,
there's re-energizing lapse leads,
right? There's lapse leads and I might I
might be missing the fourth one. Just
have different people manage these
different campaigns and have them
coordinate every day just like the
agents coordinate every day. That would
be fun. If we could find a mini Amelia
or a maxi Amelia, we would hire him or
her tomorrow as a human. Like, no
problem. And they would just divide and
conquer. I don't think that is an issue
with the agents.
>> Actually, might let us do more, right?
We probably could do a little bit.
>> Oh, for sure.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I think I the issue I've run
into is like I well one I was like I'm
not going to try and solve this problem
before annual
but two I I think the problem I run into
is like I can't find folks that know
more about the agents than I do at this
very moment in time.
>> Well that's that's that's that's a big I
think what you need is someone that not
that for real wants to learn and is a
good nerd about tools.
>> Yeah.
>> You need someone that has already built
like listen everyone should be screening
hires better. You should have someone
someone should come into the interview
and have built an agent in replet or cla
does something. That should be the test.
>> Yeah,
>> that should be in fact what they do at
Replet itself now is they give you a
massive amount of credits. I think they
give you like $1,000 worth of credits in
the interview and they say build
anything you want with a thousand bucks.
Come back to us and then we'll do the
interview.
>> Yep.
>> It's the best test in the world. You
should do if we could if they don't need
to be better than you, but they need to
pass that test, right? Here's whatever
you need. just just show me something
you've built that automates GTM or
agents that is better than we could. And
you know, if you're not too crazy, we'd
probably hire you tomorrow. Even if you
could be pretty crazy, we'd still hire
you, right? It'd be fine.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a good test.
And another question is, how do you
calculate your agent? I count it more so
as close revenue. That is literally our
our very topline agent ROI across the
board across all these agents is ROI
like true ROI and revenue.
>> Just two things. It is very easy to
attribute revenue to each agent. It's
very simple.
>> Yeah, it's super easy.
>> In fact, there's rarely even a
multi-touch issue at the agentic level.
There may be multi-touch at a market
meta marketing level. It's very easy.
Which agent interacted with which lead
and did that did that lead close? Like
and then we attribute revenue to them.
That's the main way we measure ROI. The
reality is having said that, it's not
why we started.
We started because we had people that
didn't want to do these jobs and we
said, can we replace a six-f figureure
hire with a five figure agent?
So, the truth is even if these agents
performed a little bit worse than they
did, they would still be ROI positive on
that on that goal, right? Our goal was
basically to achieve the same amount of
revenue with half the humans and and the
agents. That was that was the way we
initially measured ROI. And honestly, I
you know, you you need to deliver the
one thing I'll say to folks in general
if they're scratching their heads and
why is it so hard? I can tell you some
of the products that we use, most of the
ones we use, they have infinite demand.
like Monaco, we just rolled it out for
outbound that we talked about. They're
booked for two months including weekends
for demos. Okay, there is one called
Basis, which is an agentic pro product
for accounting yesterday. I don't know
the team, but they just raised a billion
yesterday and they said in their in
their in their header, one of the
challenges is like the demand is simply
overwhelming. Like they can't serve the
demand. Now, some of that is because you
have to train these agents and you have
to onboard them and you can't dump it on
the customer. So there's a reason for
it, but that's how we measure ROI. But
if you're a vendor, if you're working at
a startup, your ROI needs to be massive
in this world. You're going to be
slaughtered by folks that deliver like a
six figure meeting on day one like
Monaco did, right? Or take over all of
like two people did for like each of
Artisan and Mon and qualified. They
replace like two two people each, right?
That's high ROI. Mediocre ROI is dead.
It's just dead. Odd. products that just
give you productivity bounces that no
one's going to buy that stuff today. So
that's why I challenge folks out there.
If you're stalled out, if your business
is struggling, if people aren't lining
up out the door to buy your agent, your
agent is not good enough.
Anyone that has this massive ROI, they
cannot service the demand. They
literally cannot service the demand. At
least not all the demand. And and in
fact, what a lot of the vendors that we
highlight here, if nothing else, they
ruthlessly screen out prospects that are
not a good ICP fit because they don't
even want to waste their time, anybody's
time. They don't want them to churn.
They don't want them to bounce. If you
don't have enough data, if you're too
small, if you're the wrong org, some of
the folks we talked about just just they
just it may it frustrates people. We get
emails all the time, hey, can you get me
a meeting with this vendor?
>> I mean, we can we will, but it's but
sometimes they're making the right
decision. and they're so overwhelmed
with demand, they've got to focus on
their core ICB. So, that should be you.
I know it's tough to hear, but it should
be you. And if it is, if you have this
agent where the ROI is so insane, you
can generate new business for them the
first day or the first week, or you can
replace multiple humans with an agent
reliably, in today's world, right now,
this may not last, in today's world, you
will have demand out the door.
Out the door. And if you're not, don't
delude yourself that you just have that
your AI is good enough. It is not. Yep.
Okay. I was trying to hit one or two
last questions. Another question from
the chat was, "What's preventing you
guys from letting the agents do more of
the work, i.e. emailing on your behalf,
updating LinkedIn, letting it do the
LinkedIn ads, etc. since it's roasting
you on that?" I'll give you my quick
take is it can't do it.
I would let it do it if it could.
These agents can't do that. I have not
seen an agent successfully do email
marketing at SC. The moment I find one,
I'm using it that actually works. I have
not found one that actually works. Like
not just write all of these just write
email copy. They don't actually send it
to the right contacts at the right at
the right time. They just don't do it.
>> It'll come it. Listen, some folks are
going to challenge us and say, "Hey, my
startup does it." Listen, we we look at
everything that's out there. The reality
is, you know, marketing is behind sales.
>> It's just the reality. Honestly, if you
squint at the apps we use, our stack,
half of them really are marketing
automation but for sales,
>> right? Go back to the old days.
Salesoft, Outreach, companies like this,
they were they are marketing tools just
designed for the sales team instead of
the marketer, right? That's these are
just those tools on steroids with AI.
They're just ahead. It is embarrassing
that we do not have a fully automated
HubSpot/Marquetto
today. There's no excuse for it's it's
faking 2026 like and and marketing
actually is some ways easier problems to
solve than sales, right? Instead, we're
living we're living in the past and even
I get I get folks reach out to me and
what they're doing in marketing is very
narrow. Like I can automate a little
piece of your LinkedIn ad and maybe
we'll add that, right? We haven't
historically done that. But I don't need
a I don't need a landing page, right? or
like a little tiny optimize my
Instagram. I need a That's why we built
our own VP of marketing. I wish we
hadn't. So, we are all over this. I hope
that in the back half of this year when
we do these AI lives, it's actually all
about marketing. That's what I'm
optimistic about, but we don't need any
like we need the kind of ROI and
marketing that we see in sales.
Otherwise, it's just it's not worth it.
They're not better enough, right? But we
would love we would love to. There's and
there's no reason it can't be automated
with AI.
There there's no reason. There's no
reason that you cannot ship better
emails than a human can create. There's
no reason AI can't take your past
campaigns and update them with new
visuals, new new video, new content, and
send them out. There's no reason AI
can't segment your base better than a
human can segment your base. There's
just no excuse. There's no excuse to not
run programmatic advertising for B2B,
not for B TOC, without you having to do
anything. There's no like that all
should be doable today. And people are
going to say, "We do it. We do it. We
we'll keep looking, friends." But if you
can do all of this, then like do what
these leaders have set it all up for us
on their own and show us that it works
and we'll we'll be on your homepage. But
it's got to do all of it. [snorts]
I I don't need a landing page or an
infographic. It's not enough.
>> It's not enough. I know there's other
questions in the chat. We'll do this.
We're trying to do these every other
week. In the meantime, we are I would I
don't know something like 70ish days
away from SAS annual. So we'll hopefully
see you guys there. We will talk a lot
more about our agents there. We've got
some of the best of breed AI native apps
coming. Their CEOs are coming to speak.
So, it'll be a lot. We're doing
>> deploy. They'll have everyone there to
teach you how to do this stuff, too.
>> Yes, for real.
>> They'll have the CEOs of Replet and
Lovable and the CO of Versel and all
these great people and, you know, CTO of
Data Bricks. It's all great. But we'll
have people hands-on showing you how to
do these agents, answering your
questions. You can you can pepper them
until they fall fall down exhausted
because that in fact our whole first day
is deploy and it's I mean it'll be all
the but the whole point of the first day
is to help you deploy these agents
yourself if you have it or to fix your
issues. That's the whole point. So it'll
be great.
>> See you guys in a minute.
>> We'll go we'll go deeper there and then
yeah we'll see you on here next time and
thanks everybody for joining.
>> Thanks Ailia.
>> Thanks everyone.
Hey Sasker. Imagine having agents for
every support task. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots turn risk.
That'd be pretty amazing, right? Happy
Fox just made it real with autopilot.
These pre-built AI agents deploy in
about 60 seconds and run for as low as 2
cents per successful action. All of it
sits inside the Happy Fox omni [music]
channel AI first support stack, chatbot,
co-pilot, and autopilot working as one.
Check them out at happyypox.com/taster.